README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Add detailed instructions for running the project and most importantly.. make it work

README.md, after:

## exp-slide-viewer - experimental slide-document viewer

This project is an experimental slide, document viewer that uses connections between a document and a paper to improve reading experience.

Built using PDF.js, React v16.8, TypeScript 3.5

## Installation & Running

### Environments

Tested on `node v10.15.0`

You will need **two package managers**, `yarn` and `npm`, since my own code uses yarn and PDF.js uses npm.



### Steps

1. Clone this repository using *recursive* clone - it'll also clone the submodules, not only this repository.

Running the project requires cloning all the submodules (which include the highlight layer addon and modified PDF.js)

`git clone [this-git-repo-url] --recursive`



2. Install all the dependencies in the submodules

   1. In the project root, run `yarn install`

   2. In the highlighter directory, run `yarn install`

   3. In the PDF.js directory, run `npm install`

      

3. `yarn start` on the project root :).

It will run a web server on port 1234 and a webpack dev server (typically on port 3000)



4. Open the URL displayed on the dev server (typically localhost:3000)



## Credit

I referred the code of react-pdf-highlighter by @agentcooper. Thanks for the great example!
